---
layout: post
lang: en
ref: purpose-what-keeps-you-up-at-night
title: What keeps you up at night?
image: true
medium: 'byrslf.co/this-is-what-you-did-to-me-thank-you-f022186bceda'
description: "The only thing I like more than thinking about nothing, and doing nothing is talking- talking about myself. It’s a mystery that I articulate something I understand so well, so poorly."
categories: [abstract]
comments: true
tags: [abstract]
published: false
---

What keeps you up at night? Make that your life’s purpose.
My dreams are my hopes and my nightmares are my fears. Both are mine to have, to behold, and to keep. What are yours?

Look inside yourself as through a looking glass, and gaze upon your dreams and your fears.

I like thinking. Especially when I am thinking about nothing at all. This is my busiest and most frequent undertaking. The reflection on everything and consequently, nothing. Spread anything thinly enough, and it is left too thin to cover anything. Because I think about everything, I think about nothing. Because I want to do everything, I do nothing.
I mix my passions and the things I feel little about so much that I forget the things that set my soul on fire. And I settle for doing everything and nothing instead.
The only thing I like more than thinking about nothing, and doing nothing is talking- talking about myself. It’s a mystery that I articulate something I understand so well, so poorly.

My dreams are the most honest reflections of myself. My dreams are, my thoughts in their most unpretentious and unrehearsed forms.
Do you know that question, “What do you do when you are alone and noone else is watching?” In many ways my dreams are my most honest answer to that. For a single reason. My dreams and nightmares are reflections of my subconscious. It’s another mystery then that something I understand so poorly reveals so much about me. My dreams are in a way, my mind’s own way of speaking to itself. For a species so narcissistic and absorbed in itself, it is something of an irony that we pay so little attention to ourselves. So few people listen to themselves speak and yet, seek to have an audience with the entire world. Our dreams are our subconscious speaking to us. This is what it says:
My dreams are my hopes and my nightmares are my fears. And I have many. Both are mine to have, to behold, and to keep. Both are mine to embrace and grow from, or to fear, shun, and shrink under.


When I can’t sleep on nights like tonight, I get up and examine my fears. These I categorise into two:

Fears I should respect and avoid.
Fears I should challenge.


I try to work around those that fall into category 1. With caution. Either to come back to them later, or to avoid them permanently.



**Some trouble isn’t worth your trouble. And some things should be feared. These things are different for everyone. Respect your fear.**


Category 2 are fears that challenge me, send me down the most interesting paths. I challenge this fear. Follow it, and stand up against it. It probably frightens you, but do it anyway. If it won’t kill you, and you want to do it, if it will grow you, and if it is right, but it feels hard, do it. It is frightening, but do it anyway.

## Anything worth doing is frightening.

And when my hope keeps me awake, I get up and think about what I want to achieve. In many ways, it is the examinations of these things- my introspection and interrogation of myself- frequently subconsciously done, that turns into my most meaningful work. When I do the things that keep me awake at night, then I truly feel alive. An article inspired by a dream, or by a fear. A conversation inspired by something forgotten, these are often my most meaningful acts.


**I live to embrace my hopes and my fears. What do you live for?**

---

If this touched you, please share, or reach out to me to talk about it! And check out my other writing [here](http://medium.com/@tanakachingonzo)
 
This is the only thank you I need.
